Doc updates for README and Getting Started guide (#413)
aws-ia/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints: README.md

[![kics-security-scan](https://github.com/aws-ia/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints/actions/workflows/kics-security-scan.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/aws-ia/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints/actions/workflows/kics-security-scan.yml)

Welcome to Amazon EKS Blueprints for Terraform!

This repository contains a collection of Terraform modules that aim to make it easier and faster for customers to adopt [Amazon EKS](https://aws.amazon.com/eks/). It can be used by AWS customers, partners, and internal AWS teams to configure and manage complete EKS clusters that are fully bootstrapped with the operational software that is needed to deploy and operate workloads. 

This project leverages the community [terraform-aws-eks](https://github.com/terraform-aws-modules/terraform-aws-eks) modules for deploying EKS Clusters.

## Getting Started

The easiest way to get started with EKS Blueprints is to follow our [Getting Started guide](https://aws-ia.github.io/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints/getting-started/).

## Documentation

For complete project documentation, please visit our [documentation site](https://aws-ia.github.io/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints/).

## Examples

> To view examples for how you can leverage EKS Blueprints, please see the [examples](./examples) directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view examples for how you can leverage EKS Blueprints, please see the [examples](https://github.com/aws-ia/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints/tree/main/examples) directory.
```

## Usage

The below demonstrates how you can leverage EKS Blueprints to deploy an EKS cluster, a managed node group, and various Kubernetes add-ons.

```hcl
module "eks_blueprints" {

>   source = "github.com/aws-ia/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints"

Reviewer 2: pin the version

Reviewer 3: Now now. We can do this when we register our module with Terraform Registry. We can simply introduce a `version` variable to docs and examples

  # EKS CLUSTER
  cluster_version           = "1.21"
  vpc_id                    = "<vpcid>"                                      # Enter VPC ID
  private_subnet_ids        = ["<subnet-a>", "<subnet-b>", "<subnet-c>"]     # Enter Private Subnet IDs

  # EKS MANAGED NODE GROUPS
  managed_node_groups = {
    mg_m4l = {
      node_group_name = "managed-ondemand"

>       instance_types  = ["m4.large"]

Reviewer 2: Lets use m5 instances as they are the latest.

      subnet_ids      = ["<subnet-a>", "<subnet-b>", "<subnet-c>"]
    }
  }
}

module "eks_blueprints_kubernetes_addons" {

>   source = "github.com/aws-ia/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints//modules/kubernetes-addons"

Reviewer 2: pin version

Reviewer 3: same as my above comment

  enable_amazon_eks_aws_ebs_csi_driver  = true

  #K8s Add-ons
  enable_argocd                         = true
  enable_aws_for_fluentbit              = true
  enable_aws_load_balancer_controller   = true
  enable_cluster_autoscaler             = true
  enable_ingress_nginx                  = true
  enable_metrics_server                 = true
}
```

The code above will provision the following:

✅  A new EKS Cluster with a managed node group.  
✅  Amazon EKS add-ons `vpc-cni`, `CoreDNS`, `kube-proxy`, and `aws-ebs-csi-driver`.  
✅  `Cluster Autoscaler` and `Metrics Server` for scaling your workloads.  
✅  `Fluent Bit` for routing logs.  
✅  `AWS Load Balancer Controller` for distributing traffic.  
✅  `Argocd` for declarative GitOps CD for Kubernetes.  
✅  `Nginx` for managing ingress.  

## Add-ons

EKS Blueprints makes it easy to provision a wide range of popular Kubernetes add-ons into an EKS cluster. By default, the [Terraform Helm provider](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-helm) is used to deploy add-ons with publicly available [Helm Charts](https://artifacthub.io/).EKS Blueprints provides support for leveraging self-hosted Helm Chart as well.

> For complete documentation on deploying add-ons, please visit our [add-on documentation](./docs/add-ons/index.md)

Reviewer 3: Lets provide a full link now for Add-on docs 

`https://aws-ia.github.io/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints/add-ons/`

Reviewer: just to re-iterate - we should always use fully qualified URL links so that when this is pushed to the registry the links still work (relative links 404 on the Terraform registry)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For complete documentation on deploying add-ons, please visit our [add-on documentation](https://aws-ia.github.io/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints/add-ons/)
```

## Submodules

The root module calls into several submodules which provides support for deploying and integrating a number of external AWS services that can be used in concert with Amazon EKS.

> This includes Amazon Managed Prometheus and EMR on EKS. For complete documentation on deploying external services, please visit our [submodules documentation](./docs/modules/index.md).

Reviewer 3: Same as above full link

Reviewer: it looks like we need to add an `index.md` first for this to work properly

```suggestion
This includes Amazon Managed Prometheus and EMR on EKS. For complete documentation on deploying external services, please visit our [submodules documentation](https://aws-ia.github.io/terraform-aws-eks-blueprints/modules/).
```
